Good day to all my name is
Brian
in this video you will know where it falls
is a riding animal like reins
raven lord
this mode falls in our dungeon
sitk ski
hall and the probability of a drop that is
the probability that this particular
the moment the mount falls is only
just simply one piece and sixty
four hundredths percent that is
probability but low very low
so if he didn't fall from the first
times then do not despair surely fall
from 2 to 3 well and so on in general the essence of that
that he will drop you just a question in
simple time when also do not forget
to establish
heroic level of difficulty for everyone
case who do not know how to do it
Now I will tell you this so we direct
mouse cursor over your portrait
right click on it
tab complexity of the dungeon choose
5 heroic players click on it and
everything is fine you will enter the heroic
dungeon difficulty level
also for those who do not know where
is the entrance to the Sith cave
halls at the moment you can see
a link to the video in which I am in detail
telling where is the entrance to this
dungeons well then let's go here he
friends are the boss we need
it was a sanda to mount me or not
now we will see
and here it is the moment of truth I am here now we
Unfortunately it is not know but would have probably
I have to come for him more than once
now you know where to go for data
outs unfortunately show i don't get it to you
I can really hope you get it today
I will show however failed thanks for
view leave your reviews and to
new meetings